INSERT  INTO  entry   (user, title ,content) VALUES ("John Mansjter", "A song I like", "Im gonna put some boogie in your ear Shake and bop, dont you stop
Dance like a maniac until you drop
I dont mind, I dont mind
I can run a razor right up your spine
What are you waiting for?
What do you think you were created for?
Show us, you care, show us you dare
You dont know what happened if you werent there
Born to raise hell, born to raise hell
We know how to do it and we do it real well
Born to raise hell, born to raise hell
Voodoo medicine, cast my spell
Born to raise hell, born to raise hell
Play that guitar just like ringin a bell
Take it or leave it
Going for broke, rock til you choke
It dont matter if you drink or smoke
Speak through the beat, get up on your feet
Sweating like a hound dog, white as a sheet"),

("Rob Stuart", "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy Lyrics" , "Advisory - the following lyrics contain explicit language:

Sugar, sugar
She sits alone waiting for suggestions

He's so nervous, avoiding all the questions

His lips are dry, her heart is gently pounding

Don't you just know exactly what they're thinking
If you want my body and you think I'm sexy

Come on, sugar, let me know

If you really need me, just reach out and touch me

Come on, honey, tell me so, tell me so, baby
He's acting shy, looking for an answer

Come on honey, let's spend the night together

Now hold on a minute before we go much further

Give me a dime so I can phone my mother
They catch a cab to his high rise apartment

At last he can tell her exactly what his heart meant 
 
 
If you want my body and you think I'm sexy"),
("Bob Marley", "I shot The Sherriff","
I shot the sheriff

But I didn't shoot no deputy, oh no! Oh!

I shot the sheriff

But I didn't shoot no deputy, ooh, ooh, oo-ooh.)
Yeah! All around in my home town

They're tryin' to track me down

They say they want to bring me in guilty

For the killing of a deputy

For the life of a deputy.
But I say:

Oh, now, now. Oh!

(I shot the sheriff.) - the sheriff.

(But I swear it was in selfdefence.)

Oh, no! (Ooh, ooh, oo-oh) Yeah!

I say: I shot the sheriff - Oh, Lord!" )

;
